# Indetification of Pure-Hub, Spreader proteins from HCV-Homo Sapiens PPIN  
Ns5A-Nonstructural protein 5A (NS5A) is an essential component of the HCV replication complex. The NS5a protein interacts with other key viral products (NS4B, NS5B, RNA) and host cell proteins (cyclophilin A, kinases, etc.) to regulate viral replication and assembly. The NS5A protein plays a critical role in the formation of endoplasmic reticulum-derived double-membrane vesicles (DMVs), which facilitates efficient viral replication. In addition to its role in HCV replication, the NS5A protein also contributes to HCV pathogenesis, modulation of cell signaling pathways, virus propagation and response to interferon via the interferon-alfa sensitivity determining region.The direct-acting antiviral agent class NS5A inhibitors target the NS5A protein.

NS3-The nonstructural 3 (NS3) protein is a bifunctional enzyme that has serine protease and helicase activity. The serine-type protease region of NS3 is responsible for most of the cleavages of the viral polyprotein that free nonstructural proteins. In addition, NS3 plays a role in subverting the innate host immune response by proteolytically inactivating various host cell factors that can block viral replication. The helicase region of N3 likely plays a role unwinding the viral RNA and supporting viral replication. One of the first advances in the development of direct-acting antiviral therapy was solving the crystal structure of the NS3 protease which allowed the design of specific NS3/4A protease inhibitors.

Core-The HCV core is a structural protein that aggregates to form the viral capsid, a spherical structure that surrounds and protects the viral genomic RNA. The core protein is the first protein to be translated from the HCV genome and together with the envelope glycoproteins (E1 and E2) comprise the three structural HCV proteins. As a component of the nucleocapsid structure, the mature core protein has properties that promote binding to the host-derived lipid membrane and HCV RNA. The N-terminal region of the core proteins bind to the HCV genomic RNA. 
